Update Cold Archive guide for Beta release (#3607)
ovh/docs: pages/cloud/storage/object_storage/s3_getting_started_with_cold_archive/guide.it-it.md

---

> title: Cold Archive - Getting started with Cold Archive (Beta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Cold Archive - Getting started with Cold Archive (Beta) (EN)
```

**This guide explains how to set up storage on tapes with Cold Archive.**

## Requirements

> - [Getting started with AWS CLI](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/storage/s3/getting-started-with-s3/#using-the-aws-cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Getting started with AWS CLI](https://docs.ovh.com/it/storage/object-storage/s3/getting-started-with-object-storage/#using-aws-cli)
```
